.TH RING-DOORBELL  1
.SH NAME
ring-doorbell \- Command Line Interface to operate on the Ring devices
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBring-doorbell [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBring_doorbell\fR is a Python module to manage Ring devices. The \fBring-doorbell\fR executable can be used to interact with them. 

This manual page is for the \fBring-doorbell\fR executable. See the section "SEE ALSO" for more documentation.

.SS COMMANDS

Executing \fBring-doorbell\fR will start an interactive session.

.TP
\fBdevices\fR
Get device information.

.TP
\fBdings\fR
Get dings information.

.TP
\fBgroups\fR
Get group information.

.TP
\fBhistory\fR
Print raw json.

.TP
\fBlist\fR
List ring devices.

.TP
\fBlisten\fR
Listen to push notification like the ones sent to...

.TP
\fBmotion-detection\fR
Display ring devices.

.TP
\fBraw-query\fR
Directly query a url and return json result.

.TP
\fBshow\fR
Display ring devices.

.TP
\fBvideos\fR
Interact with ring videos.

.SS OPTIONS
.TP
\fB--version\fR
Show the version and exit.

.TP
\fB--username TEXT\fR
Username for Ring account.

.TP
\fB--password TEXT\fR
Password for Ring account.

.TP
\fB-d, --debug\fR
Enable debugging information.

.TP
\fB--user-agent TEXT\fR
User agent to send to ring.

.TP
\fB--help\fR
Show this message and exit.

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Carles Pina i Estany <carles@pina.cat> for the \fBDebian\fR system (but may be used by others). Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.

.SH SEE ALSO
See \fBring_doorbell\fR more documentation in <https://python-ring-doorbell.readthedocs.io/> or available locally in </usr/share/doc/python3-ring-doorbell/README.md.gz> and </usr/share/doc/python3-ring-doorbell/html/>.

